and I can beat you as friends I am
talent and today I bring you a
new video of greatness hour 5 online the
today I am going to bring you a new
glitch with the update 1.0 point 6
of the big bom pack that many of you
they were not asking for yesterday
I climbed them saw how to duplicate the cars
but now they want to know how to have
infinite money how to get money
free and well this is very easy here
As you can see it brings a very beautiful car
we are going to have to get a car
stolen, I recommend you steal it
because it 's the easiest for what
spend money I got tired here for a
measured of franklin in the campaign and
robben be any car of these that
see that obviously look good
robinson the gauntlet an elephant buffalo
of franklin obviously one that seems
as the core of concord see as the
camaro see the clear ground you can
buying another way is buying the for
I recommend that you buy the
engraved gauntlet or cars that cost
less than 50 thousand dollars or gas now
they see it different here because the
internet page I saw it from the mode of
eye campaign have to buy cars
that cost less than 50 thousand dollars with
it costs 50
3.1 cents can no longer do the
cliché the only thing they will have to do
now it is to take it to the saints
costs closest to your favorite and how
You can see here at the beginning of the video
they give me 14 thousand miserable dollars for
this vehicle what we are going to have to
do is configure this car to the maximum
horn shield painted wheels lights all
everything I try to buy the most expensive
I told them that they were doing it with a
car less than 50 thousand because of what
otherwise it will not let us sell the
vehicle once they run out
also I recommend that you put
bulletproof tires and all that we're going to see
how much gives us for this vehicle 70 thousand
965 and that it lacks more armor and
other things then it's not so good
I do not recommend this buffalo much
there are cars that give us 105 thousand
it seems to me that the down 3 gives us 115 thousand
If you buffalo and buffalo
franklin do it with that car you look at the
franklin buffalo is the best for
do this give 125 thousand I think it's
the maximum now what is the cliché
when we go out we just go to
park wherever
here he taught that the card version
online 1.06 we will appear anywhere
not park where it's forgiveness and in the
place of appearance will be in
property the only thing that we will have to
do is change it to last location
once we have changed we left
so that the medium is saved we go to
go again to gesta online and we are going to
abandon gta online eye do not have to
do nothing different from gray and the only thing
and more important is that they have to do
everything very fast once it enters
then after they can squeeze start
to go to the pause menu we 're going to
go to getafe line play online and in
a session ahead
eye I do not know if from now it matters but I
it seems that from the moment where
you are returning to the campaign and
going back in they have to do everything
this fast and when I say all this
I just mean things
when we put on not to that when
we drive and all that
once we have entered they go to
appear to be driving inside your
vehicle can appear here where I
I'm on the other side no matter what
important is that they appear within your
vehicle outside does not matter once either
that we enter remember that now that
we enter is very important no longer
modify anything if we modify things already
we will not be able to do anything now after
Who does this thing consist of when
sell we are going to go to gta online and
change character but very very fast is
why he shows it right now on camera
slow because it might be a bit
fast now how can you see now
let's give sell and give insurance that
wants to sell this vehicle we tighten it
there then then we squeeze it to us
let's go to be that is online then
we are going to change the character and what
we will do as quickly as possible
may this is the essential part of
glitch nicas this works well you
they do it fast if they do not do it fast no
will work once they enter the
character screen so much what
faster than they can put him if
they have many characters, so try
that his character is a student or whatever
for faster put it to try
put on because there are many people that
they make a mega fail and delete their
character then if you delete it if you
I was
it is not the fault forgive me something
but do not put me try not to put
and square for nothing works for xbox 360
and for playstation3
now as you can see here I have 127 thousand
138 dollars that is a quantity
exaggerated video if it were true if
out of youtube
but hey once he's here and what
can do as many times as they want now
I want you to do this is very important
because here I was wrong pointed he quoted and
even so the video came out as you can see
let's re-enter remember no
modify anything of the vehicle simply
we're going to go to the sell tab and
let's do everything we did other
time
now as you can see I went to people
online and once in gestaron lines I
I made a mistake and put him in options for
change me time I had done it to
purpose to eat me time and to
show that if they were late, the
glitch for my good luck and my bad
luck works the cliché I do not know in what
it is very good how many seconds there
of speed but if you realize here
I have again the vehicle there are here about
fucking gringos I have to admit it
they were spending is the bad part of
this saying that if they appear to you
imbeciles like these who want them
kill is just going to be a bit
Castro or try to kill them I killed the
damn gringo and it will solve all the
problem but how can you see the car
if it was there again the cliché
it worked can do it again how many
Sometimes you just want to remember to try
to do as fast as possible that
can all this even be going to have
infinite money how many times do you want
obviously do not overdo it or gas
try to get more than 10 million
because they do not go and no, I do not hear they're going
in but to try not to avoid that
you are the first ones do not get
more than 10 million dollars with 5
millions
well once you have had enough
to do this is just go to your
or ATM cell and
enter all your money that you
have as you can see I do not dawn
three times and I got 269 thousand pesos a
Once you have done this simply
we are going to store the vehicle at
garage you want it or we leave
the online card game to be
saved the progress and that's how easy it is
this unit equally gates is more
they want to know about this new
upgrade
I am talent remember to subscribe to
channel if you have not yet subscribed leave your
like for more
thank you very much for all who support
commenting leaving your like or settle
see you in the next video americas
to me